## How to start with this project

Please check from here the instructions:

* [howto.txt (raw)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/robang74/tinycore-editor/main/howto.txt)

* [howto.txt (blob)](https://github.com/robang74/tinycore-editor/blob/main/howto.txt)

### References

 * Author: Roberto A. Foglietta <roberto.foglietta@gmail.com>

 * Repository: https://github.com/robang74/tinycore-editor

 * Forum: https://github.com/robang74/tinycore-editor/discussions

 * Google group: https://groups.google.com/g/tinycore-editor

### Usefull links to visit

 - rufus - https://github.com/pbatard/rufus/releases/download/v3.14/rufus-3.14.exe

 - tc forum - http://forum.tinycorelinux.net/index.php?topic=18682.0

 - tc corebook - http://tinycorelinux.net/corebook.pdf

 - tc linux - http://tinycorelinux.net

----

# Rationale

This project is a proof-of-concept of an Embedded System Building Suite based on
TinyCore Linux Distribution. It is "broken by design" to produce a 
non-certifiable system even under the mildest standards. Its development history
is quite amusing and inspired by a real-life human case.

### Development Model

First of all, it needs to explain the Development Model of this project because
it is particularly educating about how to NOT deal with IT projects and about
how to NOT manage IT senior people.

Born by asking for an emergency immediately available single-use workaround, it
successively grew with a long series of small feature additions out of any
project planning and without any architecture design or redesign. In other
words: in adding a new feature as little redesign as possible has been done.

We can call this kind of development model as

 * monkey-coding design-blind features-addition

This is quite amusing because of explaining how evolution works BUT in this
specific case just the bare-minimum non-competitive natural selection
process-like has been implemented: it works then does not change.

Despite all these limitations in the Developing Model, the result is still
interesting in many aspects and also some good ones.

### History Case

In the past, I worked with a skillful system architect with a deep understanding
of the system on which he was working, but with a surprisingly monkey-coding
attitude. Quickly, I realized that it was the environment and not the man being
broken. It is irrelevant to say anything else about that experience.

Years later that experience, the monkey-coding design-blind features-addition
development model gets real. Moreover, a new motto had a birth:

 * You get what you ask for - is the new - WYSIWYG.
 
To imperishable memory of that all colleagues who decided to live stressless as
a paid monkey-coders to devote themselves to the things that are important for
their own life and nothing else.

### Teaching Tool

Despite everything above, this is a great teaching tool because kept the aim,
its redesign implies being able to cope with legacy systems, and trust me:
there are a lot of legacy systems out there in the real world that requires a
progressive redesign because the companies which rely on them are not willing to
invest into a brand new alternative.

From this point of view, it is an opportunity to learn skills for a real-world
market segment: scrum/agile development VS scrum/agile redesign. Both are
progressive and deliverable-based ways of working and bringing value. The main
difference is the starting point.

Finally, we learned that things can work despite an ill-or-none-at-all design.

### Learned Lessons

For those who are more interested in learning some theory than dirtying their
hands deep into the code:

* [My SCRUM in a nutshell](https://github.com/robang74/P2C2-Management-Style/raw/main/my-scrum-in-a-nutshell.pdf) for Project Management

and

* [P²C² Management Style](https://github.com/robang74/P2C2-Management-Style/raw/main/p2c2-management-style.pdf) for Team Management

Dealing properly with a project is as much important as dealing with people
involved in the project and there is no any way to split these two aspects or
avoid it. For sure, it is NOT cheap and this is the main reason because of many
attempts to industrialize intellectual IT work over many years since the 2001's
dot-com bubble burst has been tried, in vain.
